feat(datasource): implement custom datasource (#23147)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

- Use `constraintsFiltering` on `dependencies`, not `devDependencies` (usually you do not need to be strict about development dependencies)
- Do _not_ enable `rollbackPrs` at the same time (otherwise your _current_ version may be rolled back if it's incompatible)

## customDatasources

Use `customDatasources` to fetch releases from APIs or statically hosted sites and Renovate has no own datasource.
These datasources can be referred by RegexManagers or can be used to overwrite default datasources.

For more details see the [`custom` datasource documentation](/modules/datasource/custom/).

### defaultRegistryUrlTemplate

`registryUrl` which is used, if none is return by extraction.
As this is a template it can be dynamically set. E.g. add the `packageName` as part of the URL:

```json5
{
  customDatasources: {
    foo: {
      defaultRegistryUrlTemplate: 'https://exmaple.foo.bar/v1/{{ packageName }}',
    },
  },
}
```

### format

> Defines which format the API is returning. Available values: `json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines which format the API is returning.
Only `json` is supported, but more are planned for future.
```
